okay We're talking about favorite
Children's (***) so
Never ending story. Never ending story.
huh ha
huh ha Oh, yeah. haahaa yeah yeah
you
haahaa
awww
mm
hmmm
mmm
ohh
yeah
Wait, what was the name of the author? The book's author?
No, no, no.
haahaa
Yeah. haahaa
(***) Is he like the same person who wrote Momo?
(***) Yeah,
Momo, it's a story about
(***)
It's like a...
like an orphan girl who comes to a city and then...
Like she finds this like magical tortoise? Like tortoise?
haahaaa
yeah magical tortoise and then...
These men in grey show up in the city.
and they start stealing time from people and then...
I thought it was the same author, but I know the author of Momo was it.
(***) That's what I heard.
But it's a really interesting story. It's a good story.
ohh haahaa
ohhh
yeah ahhh
so yeah
oh
picture or non picture
(***) picture
I think the Bible is the only nonfiction I can read (***)
(***)
ohh
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
yeah
haahaaa
hahaa (***)
haahaa yeah
yeah
huhaaaaa
haahaa
ohhh
(***) cool
Yeah
haahaa
i think I didn't know that! ohh
Yeah, they did not know that. ohh
Oh, he did (***)
And so it ends up working.
haahaa
oh
yeah haahaa
haahaa
(***)
yeah yeah yeah
yeah
It's like your whole lifetime.
huhhh'
I haven't read the last one.
okay okay i (***)
haaa
huhh
hmmmmm